Hello,

I'm an A&R for RecordUnion.com and would like some of my artists on my roster get some of their newerst content promoted on Spotify's channels. I'm wish to get some of the singles recently uploaded to RecordUnion.com featured on some "new releases" sections throughout Spotify's channels when they are released and become available on Spotify for streaming.

* Desirégo - Formula for Love. Tiesto like sounds.
UPC: 0885014118596
 (I'm Dr. Sounds and also making more mainstream music under the name 'Desirego'). It becomes available very near soon. This is some grooves made
in FL-studio which are similar to Armin Van Buureen and Tiesto.


* Dr. Sounds - Transition
Transition is an album by Dr. Sounds which become available on global music stories on June 28th, 2011. It are an album of extended length
with songs at the more psybient, goa ambient one. It features avant-garde relaxing atmospheres, similar to Eno' and biospheres long pieces of 
drone, syntheized atmosphere and drone music, perfect to run in the background.

UPC:0885014110200

* Digital Explosion - Collection
This album is by an artist recruited by me, Digital Explosion. Dispatch the music on the album is fairly old - created in early 2000' by
an finnish team, it was one of the leading artist on the past age free download service, MP3.com. Althrough the band has discontinued their performance,
 their music has still an life on the internet and is just - awesome. It features great combination of Tiesto-styled grooves with classical music pieces
together with awesome-sounding singers with great lyrices. They are the better one among the waist collection of DIYs on the internet, and something
says that it are a kind of impossible to believe no labels had recruit them. 

UPC: Can't access because the release is not mine. The release was uploaded August 8th, 2009 so this is you want to help promote a great musician
who took the DIY world with the storm - a long time before it's age. 




before I write this, please tell the team that the dog widget is really horrible, the pug is cute it but
it screws up my computer and web browser, and I had to kill the web browser and sometimes hard reset the machine.
It WILL purge potential customers impression of the service! Think what could happen if people works with pretty important
things in the web browser
 A really business killer. If you aren't going to solute this nearly soon, Please remove the widget unless you fixed it,
I appriciate you won't scream away potential customers! 